Add intro to formatter section (#198)
posit-dev/air: docs/formatter.qmd

For instance if you write:

``` r
list(foo,
bar)
```

Air will figure out that this expression fits on a single line without exceeding the line width.
It will discard the line break and reformat to:

``` r
list(foo, bar)
```

However there are very specific places at which you can enforce a line break, i.e. make it persistent.

-   Before the very first argument in a function call.
    This:

    ``` r
    list(
    foo, bar)
    ```

    gets formatted as:

    ``` r
    list(
      foo,
      bar
    )
    ```

-   Before the very first right-hand side expression in a pipeline.
    This:

    ``` r
    1 +
    2 + 3
    ```

    gets formatted as:

    ``` r
    1 +
      2 +
      3
    ```

A persistent line break will never be removed by Air.
But you can remove it manually.
Taking the last example, if you join the first lines like this:

``` r
list(foo,
  bar
)

1 + 2 +
  3
```

Air will format as:

``` r
list(foo, bar)

1 + 2 + 3
```

The goal of this feature is to strike a balance between being opionated and being flexible.

# When does a formatter run?

The most convenient way to run a formatter is when you save a file.

> This is not typically enabled by default so you will need to enable it manually (see the [Editors](editors.qmd) section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most editors don't enable this by default, so check out the [Editors](editors.qmd) section to learn how to configure your editor to format on save.
```

Once enabled, your code will be reformatted every time you save!
This prevents your code from ever diverging from the standards set by Air.

> Another way of running the formatter in an IDE is when you paste code (this is enabled by the setting "Format on paste").

Reviewer: I think I would leave this sentence out for now, since I feel like the main point of this section is:
- Learn how to format on save
- Learn that the CLI exists to format a whole project at once

Author: hmm... that makes sense for the website. For the disucssions page, it's probably still be useful in order to collect feedback on that feature.

Air also provides a [CLI tool](https://posit-dev.github.io/air/cli.html).

> It makes it easy to reformat whole directories such as an R project or package.

Reviewer: > If you're incorporating Air into an existing project, you may want to use the CLI tool to run `air format` once on the entire project, commit those results, and then rely on per-file format on save from there on out.

Maybe another sentence like this?

> Note that in all of these cases, the formatter will only run if your code is grammatically correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in all of these cases, the formatter will only run if your code is syntactically correct.
```

? 

In my head I tend to tie "grammatically" to "human language" so this confused me a little, but I don't mind too much if you want to keep it

> If the formatter is seemingly no longer working, check your code for any syntax error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the formatter is seemingly no longer working, check your code for syntax errors.
```
